hi I'm Stephen bent and i'm a
professional juggler today i'm
representing expertvillage.com now we're
going to learn a basic three Club trick
called under the leg to begin with where
you practice it with just one club put
the club in your right hand lift up your
right leg and throw it under then try
underneath your left leg and throw
remember it's very important to match up
your right hand with your right leg and
your left hand with your left leg you
try to cross it's much more difficult in
awkward
do you feel ready with that pick up a
second club try throwing the second club
then throw the other one under your leg
like this
again make sure to practice this on both
sides
once you feel ready with that pick up a
third Club juggle all three lift up the
leg and throw underneath it try it on
the other side you can even eventually
learn to juggle all under one side while
balancing on the other leg or even
ultimately the same club under each leg
or even every club under every leg